[Music]
[Music] Psalm 12 to the chief musician on an 8
Psalm 12 to the chief musician on an 8
Psalm 12 to the chief musician on an 8 strained heart a psalm of David
help Lord the godly man ceases for the
help Lord the godly man ceases for the faithful disappear from among the sons
faithful disappear from among the sons
faithful disappear from among the sons of men they speak idly everyone with his
of men they speak idly everyone with his
of men they speak idly everyone with his neighbor with flattering lips and a
neighbor with flattering lips and a
neighbor with flattering lips and a double heart they speak
double heart they speak
double heart they speak may the Lord cut off all flattering lips
may the Lord cut off all flattering lips
may the Lord cut off all flattering lips and the tongue that speaks proud things
and the tongue that speaks proud things
and the tongue that speaks proud things who have said with our tongue we will
who have said with our tongue we will
who have said with our tongue we will prevail our lips are our own who is lord
prevail our lips are our own who is lord
prevail our lips are our own who is lord over us for the oppression of the poor
over us for the oppression of the poor
over us for the oppression of the poor for the sighing of the needy now I will
for the sighing of the needy now I will
for the sighing of the needy now I will arise says the Lord I will set him in
arise says the Lord I will set him in
arise says the Lord I will set him in the safety for which he yearns the words
the safety for which he yearns the words
the safety for which he yearns the words of the Lord are pure words like silver
of the Lord are pure words like silver
of the Lord are pure words like silver tried in a furnace of Earth purified
tried in a furnace of Earth purified
tried in a furnace of Earth purified seven times you shall keep them O Lord
seven times you shall keep them O Lord
seven times you shall keep them O Lord you shall preserve them from this
you shall preserve them from this
you shall preserve them from this generation for ever the wicked prowl on
generation for ever the wicked prowl on
generation for ever the wicked prowl on every side when vileness is exalted
every side when vileness is exalted
every side when vileness is exalted among the sons of men
among the sons of men
among the sons of men [Music]